# Debounce
  The purpose of this code is to generate a remove the debounce effect that occurs when pressing a button in the microcontroller board. Various methods exist to reduce the debounce, such as delaying the clock, turning off the interrupt capabilities of a button, or using the watchdog timer to prevent unwanted effects. This task was performed on the MSP430G2553 and MSP432P401R boards.

# Functionality
Two different approches were used in the creation of the debounce code. For the case of the MSP430G2553, two interrupts were utilized; a Port 1 interrupt and a watch dog timer interrupt. The purpose of the Port 1 interrupt was recongize the button press, and would lead to the watchdog interrupt. During the watchdog interrupt, the watchdog timer was turned on, essentially reseting the board and preventing any inputs (in this case, unwanted debounces). Finally, after 32 milleseconds, the timer would be disabled and normal function would resume. In the case of the MSP432P401R, the NVIC function must be used to call a particular interrupt on Port 1. Similar to the G2553, this interrupt was recongize and be called once the correct button was pressed. Once the button was pressed, the program would "pause" using a for loop, essentially nullyfying the effect of any unwanted inputs by forcing the program to run through a for loop for an amounted time (similar to a _delay_cycles). Once the for loop was cleared, the interrupt would then be cleared and resume back to normal operations.
    
 # Differences between MSP430G2553 and MSP432P401R
Due to the boards being almost entirely different in terms of using interrupts, the primary difference seen between both boards was the method of debounce. In the case of the MSP430G2553, this board utilized the watchdog timer to hard reset the board and force the LED to remain off after a button press, removing any unwanted debounce. In the case of the MSP432P401R, a interrupt was generated using PORT1_IRQHandler and would utilize a for loop to essentially "pause" the program, ignoring any input besides the initial button press until the for loop was finished and the interrupt was cleared.
    
 # Results
It can be observed on both boards that pressing the button down will cause an LED to turn on and remain on without any unwanted flickering.
