# Hardware PWM
  The purpose of this code is to generate a PWM signal that can be incremented using a button by a factor of 10% per press. For this task, hardware PWM requires the use of OUTMOD and other hardware to be used. For the purpose of this task, OUTMOD 7 was chosen (Reset/Set). This code can be utilized with the MSP430G2553 and the MSP430FR2311.

# Functionality
Instead of utilizing timer interrupts to simulate PWM, this code utilizes onboard hardware to generate a PWM signal. By utilizing the OUTMOD_7 setting, P1SEL defines the output of the signal generated by the clock. Similar to what was done in the Software PWM task, the onboard hardware will function very similarly, counting up the value in the CCR1 register and triggering a reset and then causing a set once the value in CCR0 is reached. A Port 1 interrupt was added to record a button press and check the value in the CCR1 register. If the value was read to be below the value in CCR0, it would increment the signal by 100HZ (10%). However, if the value in CCR1 was greater or equal to the value in the CCR0 regeister, it will set the value in the CCR0 register to 0.
    
 # Differences between MSP430G2553 and MSP430FR2311
 Although mostly the same, below are the primary changes that can be observed:
 
 - All Timer A instances become Timer B
 - All instaces of CCR0, CCR1, CCTL0, CCTL1, and TACTL become TB0CCR0, TB0CCR1, TB0CCTL0, TB0CCTL1, and TBCTL
 - TASSEL becomes TBSSEL
 - Added PM5CTL0 &= ~LOCKLPM5 to unlock GPIO functionality
    
 # Results
It can be observed on both boards that pressing the button down will cause the LED's to brighten up (incrementing by 10% duty cycle on each press), until an overflow occurs and shuts off the LED, effectivly causing it to have a 0% duty cycle.
